release: sourcegraph@5.3.1 (#113)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/CHANGELOG.mdx

### Fixed

- The `/.auth/saml/metadata` endpoint has been fixed. Previously it panicked if no encryption key was set.

> - The version updating logic has been fixed for `sourcegraph/server`. Users running `sourcegraph/server:5.3.1` will need to manually modify their `docker run` command to use `sourcegraph/server:5.3.1` or higher. [#7442](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/7442)

Author: ```suggestion
- The version updating logic has been fixed for `sourcegraph/server`. Users running `sourcegraph/server:3.11.1` will need to manually modify their `docker run` command to use `sourcegraph/server:3.11.4` or higher. [#7442](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/7442)
```

Author: I thought I removed this file from the release tool. I have to check why the tool still tries to update this file.
